---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: New World
date: 2017-08-30
labels:
  - Software Engineering
  - Learning
---

  The first time I ever experienced programming was back in Middle School. Our Computer teaccher taught us how to design a website using HTML. I was bored out of my mind. Maybe my teacher made coding boring to me or maybe I was just impatient back then but coding did not interest me at all. 
  
  However, that all changed when I first took a class in Web Design during High School. Back then I was dead set on becoming a Graphic Designer, so I took elecitive classes that improved my artistic and creative abilities. One of these classes were of course, Web Design. At first I wasn't very keen on taking the class but my advisor highly recommended the class to me. However once I got into class and actually did some of my own work instead of just copying and following the teacher's example, I actually had lots of fun coding. I realized that coding is building blocks for many things that I enjoy using such as game apps on my phone, the video games that I play, the websites that enjoy surfing through, and everything in between. I had so much fun coding that I wanted to pursue it as a career. 

  I hope to achieve my dream of working on a video game and developing one that will be enjoyed by lots of people. Gaming is one of my most beloved passions and to be able actually incorporate it as a part of my career is why I am taking  a class in Software Engineering. I hope to develope the skills needed to pursue my dream. And one day I'll be able to create a world that a player will enjoy. 
